1) git init
    This command initializes git in our project. It creates a hidden .git/ folder.
    This starts the version controlling in our project and after this project, the git will start to track our project.

2) git add .
    This command moves all the git tracking files to the Staging Area(index - the ordering of files before commiting it).
    Think of it like this: If a Commit is a photograph of your project, Staging is the process of lining everyone up and making sure they are in the right spot before you press the shutter button.

3) git commit -m "message"
    This saves the snapshot of all the staged files along with the commit message.
    After the commit, all the files will be newly tracked.

4) git remote add origin <url>
    This command connects our local repo to the github repo.
    It stores the GitHub repository URL inside your local Git config and gives it the alias origin.
    The origin is a nickname for the long link https://github.com/your-username/social-media-platform.git, so that we can use origin instead of the big link when we commit again or whenever we want to use the big link.
    origin = nickname for the remote repo

5) git branch -M main
    This renames the current branch as main. -M refers to force rename
    And the main remains as the current branch.

6) git checkout -b develop
    This creates a new branch develop and switches to it.

7) git push -u origin develop
    This command pushes the branch in local to github.
    What does -u mean?  -u refers to upstream. That means, this command sets the default remote branch for this branch.
    So whenever we next use the push command for pushing the local branch to the remote github, we don't want to use the origin alias name.
    We can just use: git push instead of git push origin develop

Flow:

git init
   ↓
git add .
   ↓
git commit
   ↓
git remote add origin
   ↓
git push


Default branches:
    main (stable)
    develop (active work)
    feature/* (new features)

















